{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab \uc0\u8220{}A Quick Introduction to Service Weaver.\uc0\u8221{} https://serviceweaver.dev/blog/quick_intro.html (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[2]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Google Service Weaver Enables Coding as a Monolith and Deploying as Microservices,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}InfoQ}. https://www.infoq.com/news/2023/03/google-weaver-framework/ (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[3]\tab \uc0\u8220{}How to Implement a Service Weaver Deployer.\uc0\u8221{} https://serviceweaver.dev/blog/deployers.html (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[4]\tab Kelsey Hightower [@kelseyhightower], \uc0\u8220{}https://t.co/RcHVMTwm9j,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Twitter}, Mar. 02, 2023. https://twitter.com/kelseyhightower/status/1631352524157648896 (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[5]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Introducing Service Weaver: A Framework for Writing Distributed Applications,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Google Open Source Blog}. https://opensource.googleblog.com/2023/03/introducing-service-weaver-framework-for-writing-distributed-applications.html (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[6]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Introducing Spring Modulith,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Introducing Spring Modulith}. https://spring.io (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[7]\tab J. Soldani, D. A. Tamburri, and W.-J. Van Den Heuvel, \uc0\u8220{}The pains and gains of microservices: A Systematic grey literature review,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Systems and Software}, vol. 146, pp. 215\uc0\u8211{}232, Dec. 2018, doi: 10.1016/j.jss.2018.09.082.
\
[8]\tab \uc0\u8220{}The Rise and Fall of CORBA - ACM Queue.\uc0\u8221{} https://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=1142044 (accessed Apr. 26, 2023).
\
[9]\tab Y. Zhang {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Understanding and Detecting Software Upgrade Failures in Distributed Systems,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 28th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles CD-ROM}, Virtual Event Germany: ACM, Oct. 2021, pp. 116\uc0\u8211{}131. doi: 10.1145/3477132.3483577.
\
[10]\tab \uc0\u8220{}You Want Modules, Not Microservices.\uc0\u8221{} http://blogs.newardassociates.com/blog/2023/you-want-modules-not-microservices.html (accessed May 04, 2023).
\
}